total unique texts: 353
'.'
':'
'{'
'✖'
'❮'
'❯'
'to'
'68%'
'74%'
'78%'
'80%'
'92%'
'DoE'
'Fri'
'MCQ'
'May'
'Mon'
'NJZ'
'Sat'
'Sun'
'Thu'
'Tue'
'Wed'
'July'
'June'
'Menu'
'More'
'News'
'Oval'
'April'
'Atomi'
'Focus'
'March'
'NMIXX'
'Today'
'Tools'
'Assess'
'August'
'Deduce'
'Define'
'Jennie'
'Kahoot'
'Korean'
'Recall'
'Sefton'
'Videos'
'4 weeks'
'40 days'
'A Block'
'Account'
'Analyse'
'B Block'
'Biology'
'C Block'
'ChatGPT'
'Clarify'
'Compare'
'D Block'
'Discuss'
'E Block'
'EC exam'
'English'
'Examine'
'Explain'
'Extract'
'F Block'
'G Block'
'January'
'Justify'
'Library'
'October'
'Outline'
'Parking'
'Predict'
'Propose'
'Quizlet'
'Recount'
'VD Exam'
', that’s'
'5 topics'
'82 / 100'
'BST exam'
'Calendar'
'Classify'
'Contrast'
'December'
'Describe'
'Evaluate'
'February'
'Identify'
'Module 3'
'Module 6'
'November'
'Teacher:'
'one year'
'Calculate'
'Construct'
'Dashboard'
'Follow us'
'Interpret'
'Key dates'
'Language:'
'Mr S. Han'
'Next week'
'Read more'
'Recommend'
'Resources'
'September'
'Side Gate'
'Summarise'
'Teachers:'
'Appreciate'
'Checkpoint'
'Definition'
'Front Gate'
'Synthesise'
'of school,'
'Demonstrate'
'Distinguish'
'Extrapolate'
'HSC Biology'
'Information'
'Investigate'
'Le sserafim'
'Mathematics'
'Mr Herriman'
'Past Papers'
'School news'
'02 9644 4800'
'Biology 2023'
'Biology 2024'
'Biology 2025'
'English exam'
'How to apply'
'Inquire into'
'Short Answer'
'Your answer:'
'Cross Country'
'Data response'
'Learning gaps'
'Math Adv exam'
'Ms Mannaloras'
'Purchase link'
'Exam technique'
'Load Questions'
'School Diagram'
'School Finder.'
'Strength score'
'Load a Question'
'Main Quadrangle'
'Marking output:'
'Recreation Area'
'Show by example'
'Skill strengths'
'Technique drill'
'Time management'
'Draw conclusions'
'Filter by Topic:'
'Mathematics 2023'
'Mathematics 2024'
'Mathematics 2025'
'Overall progress'
'Question Browser'
'Basketball Courts'
'Content knowledge'
'Draw meaning from'
'Every day matters'
'Extended response'
'Filter by Module:'
'General Inquiries'
'End school holiday'
'HSC Directive Verb'
'KOREAN FOR DUMMIES'
'Loading modules...'
'Math Advanced exam'
"Read Kiara's story"
'Recognise and name'
'Response structure'
'Sefton High School'
'Selection criteria'
'Submit for marking'
'Supported Formats:'
'Awaiting marking...'
'HSC Directive Verbs'
'Make clear or plain'
'one day a fortnight'
'(Long press to zoom)'
'Enterprise Computing'
'Start school holiday'
'of lessons, and over'
'Business Studies exam'
'CDF to find Quantiles'
'Practice / AI Marking'
'HSC Enterprise Computing'
'HSC Mathematics Advanced'
'Infer from what is known'
'Personalised study guide'
'Shou.Han1@det.nsw.edu.au'
'Trapezoidal Rule Video 1'
'Enterprise Computing 2025'
'Mr J. Siu (Class teacher)'
'Provide reasons in favour'
'Retell a series of events'
'1. Tell us about yourself.'
'BUSINESS STUDIES IN ACTION'
'Mr C. Idle (Class teacher)'
'Need help with attendance?'
'P&C Federation NSW website'
'Cross-country running event'
'16 CRAZY SCIENCE EXPERIMENTS'
'Mr G. Miller (Class teacher)'
'Source: SHS official website'
'Critically (analyse/evaluate)'
'Mr T. Robinson (Head teacher)'
'Ms U. Chandra (Class teacher)'
'HSC Syllabus Processing Engine'
'Ingest & Map Syllabus Elements'
'Mr/Ms Z. Najem (Class teacher)'
'Processing Diagnostics Output:'
'sefton-h.school@det.nsw.edu.au'
'Choose your local public school'
'Department of Education website'
'For more information, visit the'
'NEW SENIOR MATHEMATICS ADVANCED'
'Practical support for HSC exams'
'How to actually get a *high* ATAR'
'Support an argument or conclusion'
'Visual Design Assignment due date'
'Dr K. Awan, Ms P. Rohan, Ms Bebari'
'NEW SENIOR MATHEMATICS EXTENSION 1'
'The best education money can’t buy'
'These areas need focused revision.'
'41-43 Hector Street Sefton NSW 2162'
'Make a judgement about the value of'
'Opening hours: Monday 08:00 - 16:00'
'What are HSC disability provisions?'
'- Information for parents and carers'
'By: Stolen from SHS official website'
'INFORMATION PROCESSES AND TECHNOLOGY'
'Mr/Ms M. Konstantaras (Head teacher)'
'Provide characteristics and features'
'Choosing HSC subjects and exam support'
'Did you know that if your child misses'
'To register for the webinar, visit the'
'On track with current syllabus targets.'
'Why are public schools the best choice?'
'AI Marking — HSC Stage 6 Syllabus Engine'
'Arrange or include in classes/categories'
'Enterprise Computing Assignment due date'
'Express, concisely, the relevant details'
'Show how things are similar or different'
'Account for: state reasons for, report on'
'Information Processes and Technology 2023'
'Information Processes and Technology 2024'
'Show how things are different or opposite'
'2025 HSC disability provisions information'
'Choose relevant and/or appropriate details'
'Make; build; put together items or arguments'
'Practice 3 past paper questions on Module 3.'
'Strong base but technique refinement is due.'
'alumni revolutionising assistive technology.'
'Back to school webinar for parents and carers'
'Plan, inquire into and draw conclusions about'
'Present remembered ideas, facts or experiences'
'State meaning and identify essential qualities'
'NJZ performing new music at COMPLEXCON HongKong'
'2025 HSC disability provisions application guide'
'To find the right school close to your home, use'
'Images (.png, .jpg) or Full Trial Booklets (.pdf)'
'Mr P, Ms S. Kumar, Ms Moutasallem, Ms L. Madrajat'
'Putting together various elements to make a whole'
'Why does attendance matter? Let’s do the maths...'
'Acid vs Lava- Testing Liquids That Melt Everything'
'Revisit marked answers and update weak topic notes.'
'Time each response to improve pace and exam rhythm.'
'teachers recognised as some of the best in Australia'
'2025 Minister’s Student Council applications now open'
'Identify issues and provide points for and/or against'
'Sketch in general terms; indicate the main features of'
'Suggest what may happen based on available information'
'System sitting idle. Awaiting exam document uploads...'
'Each student will sit on the council for a 2-year term.'
'LE SSERAFIM’s 5th mini album "Hot" drops at 1:00 PM KST'
'Math, Business Studies and Physics assignment due today'
'Jennie’s first solo album "Ruby" releases at 12:00 AM KST'
'Make a judgement based on criteria; determine the value of'
'Review command terms and structure evidence-based answers.'
'students representing Australia on international platforms'
'Ms R. Curmi, Ms S. Alali, Ms Um, Mr M. Vergara, Mr J. Chang'
'Ascertain/determine from given facts, figures or information'
'4. What is an initiative you have implemented in your school?'
'All students submitting their applications will be contacted.'
'Make a judgement of value, quality, outcomes, results or size'
'2. Why would you be a good advocate and member of the Council?'
'Questions can be pre-submitted upon registering for the webinar.'
'Applications are open for students currently in Year 6 to Year 9.'
'Mr R. Silburn, Mr Y. Dabblin, Mr M. Melki, Ms D. Isaac, Ms L.Wood'
'NMIXX\'s 4th extended playlist "Fe3O4: FORWARD" coming out 6PM EST'
'Ms L. Pham, Ms K. Itzstein, Ms Brown, Ms Easterbrook, Mr J. Thompson'
'There are no Year 12 students on the council due to HSC commitments.'
'3. Why are you passionate about helping NSW public education students?'
'When your child misses school, they miss out on these key social moments.'
'The webinar will take an in-depth look at the year ahead in public education.'
'- Find out how HSC disability provisions supported Kiara during her HSC exams.'
'Mr A. Nguyen, Mr Sultan, Mr B. Atton, Mr Dang, Ms R. Lee, Ms R. Singh, Ms Badawi'
'Discover how HSC disability provisions can support your child with these resources:'
'If your child has a disability, they may be eligible for HSC disability provisions.'
'HSC Information Processes and Technology since Enterprise Computing is a new subject'
'For students with a permanent disability, applications can be submitted from Year 10.'
'Identify components and the relationship between them; draw out and relate implications'
'Not to mention the wealth of Australian athletes the public school system has produced!'
'“It’s also a chance to have your questions answered by the Minister and the Secretary.”'
'With more than 140,000 dedicated staff across 2,200 schools in the state – which includes'
'- our students can access cutting-edge resources from expert teachers who help them thrive.'
'Recognise or note/indicate as being distinct or different from; to note differences between'
'Relate cause and effect; make the relationships between things evident; provide why and/or how'
'Copyright© April 2025 https://hoang-son1.github.io/SchoolWebsite/index.html All Rights Reserved'
'The impact of public school excellence is evident across our schools, students, and alumni. From'
'Put forward (for example a point of view, idea, argument, suggestion) for consideration or action'
'Ms S. Abrams, Ms S. Khattar, Ms Truong, Ms Chung, Ms H. Summer, Ms Alizadah, Mr Nguyen, Mr Halliwell'
'The webinar will be hosted by P&C Federation NSW President Yvonne Hilsz from 7-7.45pm on Thursday 8 February.'
"Students' initial expressions of interest can be submitted with a video of up to 90 seconds or less in length:"
"To further improve school attendance this year, we're providing families with additional resources and support."
'If you are in Year 10 or Year 11 now you will be ineligible as your second year on the Council will be in Year 12.'
'We celebrate our rich diversity, which supports our local communities and helps create well-rounded global citizens.'
'For 175 years NSW public schools have prepared the children of today to succeed and build better communities for tomorrow.'
'Schools can support families and students with attendance matters. For more attendance advice, resources and support, check out'
'“We encourage you to promote the webinar to other parents and carers, as well as through your local school communities,” she said.'
'“This is a great opportunity for parents and carers to find out what’s happening in public education in NSW in 2024,” Ms Hilsz said.'
'A key focus of the webinar is the new Plan for NSW Public Education, as well as some of the challenges schools and parents are facing.'
'Add a degree or level of accuracy depth, knowledge and understanding, logic, questioning, reflection and quality to (analyse/evaluate)'
'In fact, over 50 of our students achieved top positions in the state for their HSC subjects in 2023, a testament to the quality of our education.'
"We provide exciting opportunities to broaden our students' horizons through language programs, cultural exchanges and international competitions."
'Contact your school to discuss your child’s eligibility. The school will guide you through the application process and explain the evidence required.'
"The Minister's Student Council is the peak forum for interaction between NSW public school students, NSW Education and the NSW Minister for Education."
'lost over their school life? Missing a day here or there may not seem like much, but absences add up and can impact your child’s learning more than you think.'
"If you're looking for a school with high-quality education and a proven track record of academic, sporting and cultural excellence, choose a NSW public school."
'We know that every school day matters for our learners. Thanks to families like yours, we improved school attendance across the state from 85.2% to 88.1% in 2023.'
"We understand that there are many reasons why a student might not attend school. It's important to talk to your child's school about the reason for their absence."
'Our students can also participate in specialty programs that include vocational education, dance, drama, music, visual arts, literature, debating and public speaking.'
"The Minister's Student Council is an initiative of the NSW Government to ensure student voices are heard in developing education policy and addressing matters of concern to students."
'The council consists of a 27-member council representing students from all Operational Directorates across NSW, including Connected Communities, who advocate on behalf of their school communities.'
'Applications for the 2025 HSC are now open and should be submitted by the end of Term 1, 2025. Applying early allows your child time to practise using any approved provisions before their HSC exams.'
'Across almost every industry you will see our alumni leading the way, from Reserve Bank governors to High Court judges, experts in health, education, construction and international film and sports stars.'
'A selection panel will review all submissions and invite shortlisted applicants to join a short online video interview. The panel includes students currently on the Council and department representatives.'
'Ms Hilsz said topics of discussion will include school funding reforms, inclusive learning environments, equitable outcomes, parents as partners in the learning journey, and the value of explicit instruction.'
"Be it Mondays, Fridays, school carnivals or sporting days, every day matters when it comes to your child's\u202flearning. Parents should reconsider going on holidays or taking casual days off during the school\u202fterm."
'There are three students representing each operational directorate who bring their wider student community into the policy process by holding regular student forums, where they hear from special interest groups.'
'Parents and carers of NSW public school students are invited to attend a back-to-school webinar and question and answer session with Deputy Premier and Minister for Education and Early Learning Prue Car and NSW Department of Education Secretary Murat Dizdar.'
'Our public schools offer a comprehensive, tuition-free education that lays the foundation for a lifetime of learning and success. Our students consistently feature as the most successful performers in the NSW HSC and we perform above the national average in NAPLAN results.'
'HSC disability provisions make sure that students with disability can access their exams. Provisions can assist with learning, psychological, medical, physical, vision, or hearing needs. Examples include a reader or writer, braille or large-print papers, extra time, rest breaks, and more.'
'While school is a place to learn, it’s not just about maths and science. It’s also about providing students structure, building confidence, developing good habits and creating healthy emotional bonds. It’s about the in-jokes, confiding in friends and grabbing the best handball spot on the playground.'
'We, the proud community of Sefton High School, would like to recognise the Darug nation, the traditional custodians of this land, and pay our respects to Elders past, present and emerging. Their everlasting legacy serves to remind us of the bond that we all share with the land and our promise to uphold the Sefton tradition of Sincerity, Scholarship and Service by caring for the environment.'
